git-commit: clarify amend example (#4703)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-commit.md

`git commit -a -m {{message}}`

> - Add currently staged changes on the last commit:

Reviewer: Hrm, I see your point. However, the new description here implies that commits can be changed without altering their hash value. What about this?
```suggestion
- Update the last commit by adding the currently staged changes (this changes the commit's hash):
```

> - Update the last commit by adding the currently staged changes, changing commit's hash:

Reviewer: This looks better, but there's a missing article here. Perhaps this would read better?
```suggestion
- Update the last commit by adding the currently staged changes, changing the commit's hash:
```

Author: @sbrl it should be good now
